Other fixes for docs referencing old status bar (#3419)
microsoft/vscode-cmake-tools: docs/debug-launch.md

The first time you run target debugging, CMake Tools asks for you to specify a target, which will be persisted between sessions.

> The active launch target is shown in the CMake Tools side bar under the `Launch` node:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The active launch target is shown in the CMake Tools sidebar Project Status View under the `Launch` node:
```

![Image of launch target to the right of the debug and run button](images/launch-debugv2.png)

Selecting the active launch target button will show the launch target selector so that you can change the active launch target.

From there, you can press the play button by the `Launch` node to run it in terminal.

![Image of running in terminal when you hover over the Launch node](images/launch-target.png)

## Debugging without a launch.json

CMake Tools lets you start a debugger on a target without creating a `launch.json`.

> **Note:**
> Only the debugger from Microsoft's `vscode-ms-vscode.cpptools` extension supports quick-debugging. See [Debug using a launch.json file](#debug-using-a-launchjson-file), below, for information about `launch.json` and using other debuggers.

> Start a debugging session on the active target by running the  *CMake: Debug* command from the VS Code command pallette, by selecting the Debug button in the status bar or CMake Tools side bar, or by pressing the keyboard shortcut (the default is **Ctrl+F5**).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Start a debugging session on the active target by running the  *CMake: Debug* command from the VS Code command palette, by selecting the Debug button in the status bar or CMake Tools sidebar Project Status View, or by pressing the keyboard shortcut (the default is **Ctrl+F5**).
```

## Run without debugging

> You can run a target without debugging it, by running the *CMake: Run without Debugging* from VS Code's command palatte, by selecting the play button in the status bar or the play button to the left of the Launch node, or by pressing the keyboard shortcut (the default `Shift+F5`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can run a target without debugging it, by running the *CMake: Run Without Debugging* from VS Code's command palette, by selecting the play button in the status bar or the play button to the left of the Launch node, or by pressing the keyboard shortcut (the default `Shift+F5`).
```
